Wow mom since the teacher and student got lost
I haven't seen you so happy in a long time
After students move into the house?
It feels always in my heart
13 years of heart disease cured
Hey, sister, go and call the born to drink
This soup was my favorite as a child
OK. Mmm.
Shengsheng, why are you going?
Going home is not
Shengsheng, we didn't say it was good to live here
Let's go when my sister and brother are well
Well, mom doesn't force you
But we have to keep our promise, right?
What promises do you need to keep to people like you?
I should have known
Nothing you do is worth believing
No, no, sir.
Did you hear what someone said?
Why did this suddenly happen?
You know what you've done.
Master master
What's up?
Weren't you willing to accept us before you were born?
Humph